# Cocktails

---

### Old Fashioned

- 2 ounces Bourbon Whiskey (or Rye Whiskey)
- 1/4 ounce Simple Syrup
- 2 Dashes of Angostura Bitters
- Stir in a mixing glass with ice. Strain into a rocks glass over ice. Garnish with an orange twist

---

### Manhattan

- 2 ounces Rye Whiskey
- 1 ounce Sweet Vermouth
- 2 Dashes Angostura Bitters
- Stir in a mixing glass with ice. Strain into a coupe glass. Garnish with an orange twist or maraschino cherry.

---

### Sazerac

- 2 ounces Rye Whiskey or Cognac
- 1/4 ounce Simple Syrup
- 2 Dashes of Angostura Bitters
- 2 Dashes of Peychaud’s Bitters
- Stir in a mixing glass with ice. Strain into a chilled rocks glass rinsed with Absinthe, no ice. Garnish with a lemon twist.

---

### Negroni

- 1 ounce Gin
- 1 ounce Sweet Vermouth
- 1 ounce Campari
- Stir in a mixing glass with ice. Strain into a coupe glass or a rocks glass over ice. Garnish with an orange twist.

---

### Margarita

- 2 ounces Tequila (blanco or reposado)
- 1 ounce Orange Liqueur (example: Cointreau)
- 1 ounce Fresh Lime Juice
- Shake with ice. Strain into a rocks glass over ice. Garnish with a lime wedge and a salted rim.

---

### Mint Julep

- 2 ounces Bourbon Whiskey
- 1/4 ounce Simple Syrup or Demerara Syrup
- 7-8 Mint Leaves
- In a julep cup or rocks glass, gently muddle the mint leaves and syrup. Add in the bourbon and fill with crushed ice. Stir to combine and chill the glass. Top with more crushed ice. Garnish with a few sprigs of mint.

---

### Whiskey Sour

- 2 ounces Bourbon Whiskey
- 1 ounce Fresh Lemon Juice
- 1 ounce Simple Syrup
- 1 egg white from small egg (optional)
- Shake with ice. Strain into a coupe glass or rocks glass over ice. If you choose to use egg white, first shake all ingredients in a shaker without ice for 10 seconds (dry shake). Then, add ice and shake again for 10 seconds to chill. Strain the cocktail into a coupe glass or rocks glass over ice. Garnish with a maraschino cherry.

---

### Daiquiri

- 2 ounces Light Rum
- 1 ounce Fresh Lime Juice
- 1/2 ounce Simple Syrup
- Shake with ice. Strain into a coupe glass or rocks glass over ice. Garnish with a lime wheel.

---

### Classic Gin Martini

- 2.5 ounces Gin
- 1/2 ounce Dry Vermouth
- Optional: 1 Dash of Orange Bitters
- Stir in a mixing glass with ice. Strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a lemon twist (or speared olives if that’s your preference).

---

### Moscow Mule

- 2 ounces Vodka
- Juice from half a lime
- Top with Ginger Beer
- Optional: 1-2 Dashes of Angostura Bitters
- Build the drink in a copper mug over ice. Garnish with lime wheel.

---

### Espresso Martini

- 30mL [Vodka](https://stevethebartender.com.au/go/vodka/)
- 30mL [Kahlua](https://stevethebartender.com.au/go/kahlua/)
- 30mL Coffee
- 
1. Fill a boston glass with ice.
2. Pour all ingredients over ice.
3. Shake and strain into a chilled coupe glass.
4. Garnish with 3 coffee beans

---

### Aperol Spritz

- 90mL Prosecco
- 60mL Aperol
- 30mL Soda Water
- 
1. Add all ingredients to a large wine glass
2. Fill the glass with plenty of ice
3. Stir briefly
4. Garnish with a slice of orange

---

### Brown Derby

- 60mL Bourbon Whiskey
- 30mL Fresh Grapefruit Juice
- 15mL Honey Syrup (1:1)
- 
1. Combine all the ingredients in your cocktail shaker
2. Shake with ice
3. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass
4. Garnish with a twist of grapefruit

---

### Bees Knees

- 60mL Gin (2 oz)
- 15mL Fresh Lemon Juice (½ oz)
- 15mL Honey Syrup (1:1) (½ oz)
- 
1. Combine all ingredients in your cocktail shaker
2. Shake with ice
3. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass
4. Garnish with a twist of lemon or wheel

---

### Classic Margarita

- 45mL Blanco Tequila (1½ oz)
- 15mL Triple Sec (½ oz)
- 30mL Fresh Lime Juice (1 oz)
- 
1. Rim the glass with salt - moisten the glass with a piece of lemon or lime and place upturned onto a plate of salt
2. Combine all ingredients into your cocktail shaker
3. Shake with ice
4. Strain into a chilled coupe or margarita glass
5. Garnish with a lime wedge or wheel

---

### Godfather

- 30mL Scotch Whisky
- 30mL Amaretto
- 
1. Fill a double old fashioned with ice
2. Add both ingredients
3. Stir to chill
4. Garnish with a twist of orange

---

### Brandy Flip

- 60mL Brandy (2 oz)
- 30mL Simple Syrup (1:1) (1 oz)
- Whole Egg
- 
1. Combine all ingredients to your cocktail shaker
2. Dry shake (without ice) to emulsify the egg
3. Shake with ice
4. Strain into a chilled, stemmed cocktail glass
5. Garnish with freshly grated nutmeg

---

### Appletini with Maple Syrup

- 45mL Vodka
- 45mL Cloudy Apple Juice
- 5mL Fresh Lemon Juice
- 5mL Maple Syrup
- 
1. Combine all ingredients to your cocktail shaker
2. Shake with ice
3. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass
4. Garnish with an apple fan

---

### Cosmopolitan

- 45mL [Vodka](https://stevethebartender.com.au/go/vodka/)
- 15mL [Cointreau](https://stevethebartender.com.au/go/cointreau/)
- 30mL Cranberry Juice
- Squeeze of Fresh Lime
- 
1. Fill a boston glass with ice
2. Add all the ingredients
3. Shake & strain into a chilled cocktail glass
4. Garnish with a slice of lime or [flame an orange zest](http://youtu.be/uAj9sd69NMU)

---

### Caipiroska

- 60mL Vodka
- Half a lime
- Sugar
- 
1. Cut the lime into eighths and add to a boston glass
2. Add two heaped teaspoons of brown sugar
3. Muddle ingredients
4. Fill remainder of boston glass with ice and add the vodka
5. Shake and pour into a large rocks glass
6. Heap with crushed ice

---

### White Russian

- 30mL Vodka
- 30mL [Kahlua](https://stevethebartender.com.au/go/kahlua/)
- 30mL Cream (or Milk)
- 
1. Fill a rocks glass with ice
2. Add vodka and [coffee liqueur](https://stevethebartender.com.au/go/kahlua/)
3. Gently pour the cream on top

---

### Send code senpai

- 60mL Vodka (2 oz)
- 90mL Cranberry Juice (3 oz)
- 60mL Grape Juice (2 oz)
- 30mL Lime Juice (1 oz)
- Shake with ice
- Strain over fresh ice
- Garnish with slice of lime and 1 Leetcode Hard problem

---

### Sea Breeze

- 60mL Vodka (2 oz)
- 90mL Cranberry Juice (3 oz)
- 60mL Grapefruit Juice (2 oz)
1. Combine all ingredients to your [cocktail shaker](https://stevethebartender.com.au/go/boston-shaker/)
2. Shake with ice
3. Strain over fresh ice into a collins glass
4. Garnish with a slice of grapefruit

---

### LEMON DROP MARTINI

- 60ml Vodka (2 oz)
- 7.5ml Cointreau (0.25 oz)
- 22.5ml Fresh Lemon Juice (0.75 oz)
- 22.5ml Simple Syrup (0.75 oz)

---

### CHOCOLATE MARTINI

- 60ml Vodka (2 oz)
- 45ml Creme de Cacao (1.5 oz)

---

### ESPRESSO MARTINI

- 60ml Vodka (2 oz)
- 30ml Espresso (1 oz)
- 15ml Coffee Liqueur (0.5 oz)
- 7.5ml 1:1 Simple Syrup (0.25 oz)

---

### CAMPARI COCKTAIL

- 30ml Campari (1 oz)
- 22.5ml Vodka (0.75 oz)
- 1 Dash of Angostura Bitters

---

### VODKA HONEY (& ROSEMARY) COLLINS

- 60ml Vodka (2 oz)
- 30ml Lemon Juice (1 oz)
- 22.5ml 1:1 Honey Syrup
- 60ml Soda (2 oz)

---

### VODKA HONEY & MINT SOUR

- 45ml Vodka (1.5 oz)
- 30ml Lemon juice (1 oz)
- 22.5ml Honey syrup (0.75 oz)
- Half an Egg white
- 2-3 Mint leaves
- 1-2 Dashes of Angostura Bitters

---

### HONEY BEE

- 60ml Jamaican dark rum (2 oz)
- 22.5ml Honey syrup (0.75 oz)
- 15ml Lemon (0.5 oz)

---

### OUTRIGGER (RUM SIDECAR)

- 60 Aged Rum (2 oz)
- 30 Triple Sec (1 oz)
- 15 Lemon Juice (0.5 oz)

---

### PEGU CLUB

- 60ml Gin (2 oz)
- 22.5ml Orange Curacao (0.75 oz)
- 22.5ml Lime Juice (0.75 oz)
- 1 Dash of Angostura Bitters
- 1 Dash of Orange Bitters

---

### BENNETT (GIMLET RIFF)

- 60ml Gin (2 oz)
- 30ml Lime Juice (1 oz)
- 22.5ml Simple Syrup (0.75 oz)
- 2 Dashes Angostura Bitters

---

### TJ SMASH

- 45ml Bourbon (1.5 oz)
- 22.5ml Lemon Juice (0.75 oz)
- 15ml Simple Syrup (0.5 oz)
- 8 Dashes of Angostura Bitters
- 12 Mint Leaves

---

### GINGER WHISKEY HIGHBALL

- 60ml Bourbon Whiskey (2 oz)
- 90ml Ginger Beer(3 oz)
- Dash of Angostura Bitters